In this module, you'll learn four key concepts that establish the foundation for everything that follows.
First, you'll define what it means to be a brand ambassador in the Porsche context.
This isn't just a title. It's a specific set of responsibilities and expectations.
Second, you'll understand how effective customer communication creates financial value.
There's a direct connection between your communication skills and your income,
and we'll show you exactly how that works.
Third, you'll identify the common scenarios where you interact directly with customers.
These happen more often than you might think, and each one is an opportunity.
Finally, you'll recognize what customers are really seeking when they ask to speak with you.
Understanding this helps you meet their expectations and build trust.
Click Continue when you're ready to begin.